[WP #67167][Do not show project folder error message in initial setup] (#880)
nextcloud/integration_openproject: CHANGELOG.md

- Fix: Each request to OpenProject gets new token when setup with external SSO with token-exchange [#867](https://github.com/nextcloud/integration_openproject/pull/867)
- Improve translation support and fix grammar in the authentication method switch confirmation message [#875](https://github.com/nextcloud/integration_openproject/pull/875)

> - "Team folder" error message displayed during initial setup [#880](https://github.com/nextcloud/integration_openproject/pull/880)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Do not show app error if the form is in disabled state [#880](https://github.com/nextcloud/integration_openproject/pull/880)
```
